
AWS EDUCATE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
(Last Updated November 14, 2017)

1.0   YOUR AGREEMENT WITH AWS
     1.1      This Agreement.  This set of terms and conditions (this “Agreement”) is an agreement between you (or the Entity you work for) (“you”) and Amazon Web Services, Inc. or other entity noted in Section 10 (in either case, “AWS,” “we,” or “us”).  This Agreement governs your participation in the AWS Educate Program (the “Program”) described at https://aws.amazon.com/education/‌awseducate/ and its subpages (the “Program Site”), which may include (a) your use and submission of data, text, audio, video, images, software (including machine images), or other materials (collectively, “Content”) in connection with the Program; and (b) your use of the various tools, websites, and services AWS may provide to you in connection with the Program (collectively, the “Educate Tools”).  If you are entering into this Agreement for a commercial entity, government institution, or any other entity (“Entity”), such as the company or educational institution you work for, you represent that you have legal authority to bind that Entity.  If you have an AWS Customer Agreement (available at http://aws.amazon.com/agreement/) or other agreement between you and AWS governing your use of AWS services (“AWS Services Agreement”), the AWS Services Agreement will govern your use of AWS services.   
     1.2      Agreement with AWS.  By clicking “I ACCEPT” OR accepting program benefits (as defined below)), you are entering into a legally binding contract with AWS, WHICH MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 7.  THIS AGREEMENT ALSO includeS additional terms and conditions INCORPORATED INTO THIS AGREEMENT IN THE FORM OF A URL INTERNET ADDRESS (“ONLINE TERMS”).  ONLINE TERMS may be added TO or amended by AWS from time to time AND SHALL BE DEEMED TO INCLUDE SUBPAGES OF THE SPECIFIED URL ADDRESS; it is your responsibility to regularly review online terms by clicking on the url address or by typing it into your web browser.  do not click “I ACCEPT” ON this agreement or PARTICIPATE IN THE PROGRAM If (a) you do not meet the age AND PARENT/GUARDIAN CONSENT requirements BELOW; or (b) you do not want to be bound by THIS AGREEMENT.
     1.3       Age and Parent/Guardian Consent Requirements. You must be the minimum age below based on the country in which you are located.  ALSO, If you are under the age of 18, you agree that (a) you showed your parent(s) or guardian(s) THIS AGREEMENT; and (b) you received their permission to AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT, participate in the Program, AND submit your personal information to AWS.  
COUNTRY	MINIMUM AGE
United States 	14
China, Switzerland, and all countries in the European Economic Area (excluding Portugal)	16
Algeria, Lebanon, and Portugal	18
All other countries	14
 
 
2.0    PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION AND BENEFITS
     2.1      Program Eligibility.To join the Program, you must not have joined the Program before and be accepted into the Program by AWS in writing.  Submitting an application does not constitute admission into the Program, and we may accept or reject any Program application in our sole discretion.  Program admission requirements may change from time to time.  Educational institutions (including STEM organizations) (“Educational Organizations”) must designate one central point of contact to verify educator and student enrollment or eligibility to receive Program Benefits (as defined below), and to perform certain other requirements.  If you are a student or an educator, you must be a student or educator at an Educational Organization approved by AWS.
     2.2      Program Benefits.  If you are accepted into the Program, you may receive certain benefits (“Program Benefits”)—such as AWS Promotional Credit or discounts off certain AWS offerings—from time-to-time, as determined by AWS.  If you use Program Benefits, you will need to accept, and will be deemed to accept, any additional terms and conditions that may apply to such Benefits.  The Educate Tools and Program Benefits you receive are personal to you.  You may not sell, resell, license, sublicense, rent, or otherwise transfer any Program Benefits, Educate Tools, or Content unless expressly provided in this Agreement.
     2.3      Using Program Credits.  If you have executed an AWS Services Agreement with us, we may provide you AWS Promotional Credit, which is redeemable for free use of AWS services (“Program Credits”), as a Program Benefit.  Use of Program Credits is subject to the AWS Promotional Credit Terms & Conditions at https://aws.amazon.com/‌awscredits.  Program Credits are only redeemable toward fees and charges for certain AWS services designated by the Program from time to time at https://s3.amazonaws.‌com/‌awseducate-eligible-services/Eligible_Services_‌AWS_Educate.pdf.  Further, Program Credits may be used only to support academic and instructional projects (not internal or administrative workloads).  Program Credits expire at the earlier of one year after they are provided to you or at the end of the school year in which the credits are provided, and are void in the event of fraud, misuse, or failure to adhere to this Agreement or the AWS Services Agreement.  Program Credits are not redeemable for cash, are not transferable, and may not be used in conjunction with any other promotional or incentive offer from AWS.  All use of AWS services in excess of the value of Program Credits after expiration of any Program Credits or use of ineligible services will be subject to the fees applicable to your use of AWS services. You are solely responsible for monitoring usage charges on the AWS account you use.
     2.4      Directories of Program Participants.  If you are an Educational Organization or an educator, we may list your name, website, and other general contact information on our Program Site, in a public Program directory, and in other similar resources (e.g., public listings of Program participants), solely in connection with the Program.  You grant us a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use your name, website address, and general contact information for the foregoing purposes.

3.0       YOUR USE OF THE EDUCATE TOOLS; YOUR CONTENT
     3.1   Our License Grant to You.  AWS may give you access to Educate Tools such as the student portal (the “Student Portal”), the educator portal (the “Educator Portal”), the AWS Educate Job Board (the “Job Board”), or other Program-related tools via a Program account in your name (“Program Account”).  AWS owns all right, title, and interest to the Educate Tools, except as otherwise specified in this Agreement.  When AWS gives you access to Educate Tools, AWS is granting you a limited, royalty-free, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferrable license to access, use, and submit/upload Your Content (as defined below) to such Educate Tools.  Your right to use the Educate Tools and any related Content is subject to your compliance with this Agreement and terminates upon the termination of this Agreement.  
     3.2   License Restrictions.  When using the Program Site and the Educate Tools, you agree that you will NOT: (a) make use of the Educate Tools for commercial purposes, or for other than their intended purposes; (b) transfer your access credentials to any third party or other Entity; (c) access, use, reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, sublicense, resell, visit, or otherwise exploit the Educate Tools or any Content for any unlawful purpose; (d) modify or download any portion of the Educate Tools (other than page caching or downloading Your Content); (e) use data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools; (f) frame, utilize framing techniques to enclose, or use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing, any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of AWS; or (g) issue any press release regarding your participation in the Program or use of the Educate Tools without AWS’s prior written permission; or (h) misrepresent or embellish the relationship between you and AWS (for example, that we support/sponsor/endorse or contribute money toward your teaching, research, or education).
     3.3   Providing Your Content to AWS; Your License Grant to AWS.  You may, but are not required to, submit Content to AWS via the Educate Tools or by other means (for example, via the Program application or via email).  Any Content you DO submit to us (INCLUDING CONTENT THAT MAY QUALIFY AS THIRD PARTY CONTENT, AS DEFINED BELOW) (“Your Content”) is your exclusive responsibilty.  You represent and warrant that (a) you own or control all relevant rights to Your Content that you submit to AWS; (b) Your Content (including, but not limited to, any Personal Information, as defined below) is accurate, truthful, and up-to-date; (c) any use of Your Content will not violate this Agreement, infringe a third party’s proprietary rights, or cause injury to AWS or to any third person or Entity; and (d) you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless AWS for all claims relating to Your Content supplied to AWS.  You grant AWS a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, access, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, and display Your Content throughout the world in any media and in any language, for the purposes of providing the Program to you and to third parties, for Program research and development, or improving, enhancing, or developing the Program and/or Educate Tools, subject to the Privacy Notice (as defined below).  For clarity, other than as stated in this Agreement, you retain all preexisting rights of ownership or use regarding Your Content.      
     3.4   Prohibited Content. You may not submit Content containing official personal identification numbers or codes (such as social security number, driver’s license number, passport or national identification numbers, policy numbers, bank account numbers, etc.), or highly sensitive personal information not related to the Program (such as race, ethnicity, religion, religious/philosophical beliefs, political or union affiliation or opinions, medical or health information, sexual orientation, disability, etc.).  You may not post Content that is illegal, obscene, sexually explicit, threatening, libelous, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of our or any third party’s intellectual property or contractual rights, disparaging to AWS or any of its affiliates (including Amazon.com) or any services provided by AWS or its affiliates, or otherwise injurious or objectionable to third parties, including software viruses, non-disclosable confidential or proprietary information, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, issue advocacy, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or Entity, or otherwise mislead AWS or any third party as to the origin of any Content.
     3.5   Disclaimer Regarding Content.  The Educate Tools are not storage services, and AWS takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for Your Content or any Third Party Content.  AWS has no obligation to you to store, publish, maintain, or reproduce Your Content or Third Party Content (including any archived copies).  AWS does not—and has no obligation to—actively monitor Your Content (or the Content of other Program participants); however, AWS has the right to monitor, edit, or remove any of Your Content for any reason, with or without notice.  Because we have no obligation to monitor Your Content, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE YOUR CONTENT IS ACCURATE AND UP-TO-DATE, in compliance with the agreement; AND you should exercise great caution to NOT providE AWS with any information you believe is sensitive.
     3.6   Third Party Content and Offers. As part of your participation in the Program, you may obtain access to services or Content owned, controlled, or made available by third parties (collectively, “Third Party Content”) or offers (such as discounts or promotions) from third parties (“Third Party Offers”) via the Educate Tools, or via websites or tools managed by those third parties.  Third Party Content or Offers are provided by those third parties, not AWS; and AWS might not test or screen Third Party Content or Offers.  your use of any Third Party Content or participation in any Third Party Offers is at your sole risk.  AWS IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, HAS NO CONTROL OVER, AND DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE QUALITY, SAFETY, LEGALITY, OR ACCURACY OF THIRD PARTY CONTENT OR OFFERS, OR THE ABILITY OF THIRD PARTIES TO PROVIDE THIRD PARTY CONTENT OR OFFERS.  If you choose to use Third Party Content or participate in a Third Party Offer, AWS may provide any information you provide to us in connection with the Program to the third party making such content or offer available.  This may include your name, email address, and contact information, subject to Section 4 below.  The third party will be the seller of record for Third Party Content or Offers and may specify separate terms and conditions or privacy policies regarding the use of Third Party Content or participation in the Third Party Offers. AWS is not a party to the transaction between you and any third party who makes Third Party Content or Offers available to you, and if there are separate terms for the Third Party Content or Offers (including applicable privacy policies), AWS will not be a party to those terms.

4.0       AWS USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
     4.1   AWS and Your Personal Information.  Unless this Agreement provides otherwise, AWS will treat any personally identifiable information (i.e., information that identifies you individually, including your name, email address, birth date, etc., but not necessarily de-identified, anonymized, or aggregated information) (“Personal Information”) we collect from you in accordance with the AWS Privacy Notice (located at  https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/) (the “Privacy Notice”).  For purposes of this Agreement, your Personal Information shall be considered “Account Information” under the Privacy Notice.  We use a variety of technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the integrity and security of your information; these may vary based on the sensitivity of your information.  However, no security measures can ensure complete security; we therefore cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. 
Click on the Categories Below for Examples of How We Collect, Use, and Disclose Your Information (These are examples of how the Program interacts with your information, in addition to the types of activities described in the Privacy Notice.  When we talk about “our” collection/use/disclosure of your information, this includes such activities by our service providers that work on our behalf).
 
->>Examples of Personal Information We Collect (and How we Collect It).

    Via Your Application.  We collect information from you when you apply for the Program.  This includes your name, date of birth, city/country of residence, educational institution, graduation date, field of study, email address (so we can communicate with you and send you Program Account credentials) and, if applicable, AWS account number (so we can send you Program Credits) and military service information (for verification of eligibility for certain programs).  Some of this information is Personal Information.
    Via the Educate Tools.  We also collect information if/when you submit it using the Educate Tools (for example, the Student Portal and Educator Portal allow you to populate personalized profiles, including degree and institutional information, career experience, languages spoken, projects and coursework, a personal photo and uploaded resume, and some service providers collect your name and email to give you access to Content).  This may include Personal Information depending on how you choose to customize your profile. 
    Via Third Parties.  In some cases, third parties may provide us information (for example, your educational institution may provide information regarding your enrollment or status), which may include Personal Information, and such information may be included in your Program Account or your profile in the Educate Tools.  We also rely on Third Party Content to deliver certain Educate Tools on our behalf (for example, learning management systems and independent student/educator/veteran status verification tools); when you interact with Third Party Content and provide information to that third party, some of that information may be provided back to us, which we use in connection with the Program.  

->>Examples of How We May Use Your Information
We may use your information to operate and maintain the Program and its features, and to customize Program features.For example, we store information in account files, and also integrate some of this information into separate, but related user accounts managed by third party providers (e.g., accounts for access to learning management system tools or accounts for accessing online learning content or courses provided by third parties).We may use Personal Information such as your name and email to help you create your Student Portal or your Educator Portal profile, or to enable authorized AWS services providers to set up AWS accounts you can use.We use your email and other information to communicate with you about the Program and provide you with Program support, including updates about the Program or opportunities for additional Program Benefits, related events and training opportunities, invitations to participate in surveys and research opportunities, and other information supporting your efforts to learn about developing solutions using AWS services.  We also use your Personal Information to verify eligibility for the Program and to investigate fraudulent participation or abuse. 
 
->>Examples of How Your Information May Be Disclosed. 

    Information Sharing Options: Some of the Educate Tools enable you to publicly share your information—including your Personal Information—with third parties.  For example, the Student and Educator Portals may enable you to share personalized profiles with other Program members and third parties, such as those entities using the Job Board.  In the event you choose to share these profiles, the Personal Information and any other information you include on such profiles may be visible to third parties.  The Educate Tools provide settings enabling you to control these sharing features as indicated in those settings options.
    To Third Party Service and Content Providers:  We disclose some of your information, which may include Personal Information, to Third Party Content providers and service providers performing functions on our behalf, such as web hosting and database service providers, email communication service providers, analytics technology providers, identity verification providers, and other entities that provide technology or other services that either support or help evaluate and enhance the Program and how participants are using it.  We authorize these third parties to use your information only for the purposes for which it is provided to them, and we also require them to use reasonable confidentiality and security measures to protect your information when that information is in their possession.  We do not sell Personal Information to third parties. 
    To Your Educational Organization:  We provide your name and email address to the Educational Organization with whom you tell us you are affiliated, so the Educational Organization can understand which of their students, educators, or employees are a part of the Program.  Educational Organizations may be required to verify enrollment as a student (or employment as an educator), or we may extend additional Program Benefits to students or educators based on the Educational Organization’s participation in the Program.  

     4.2   Your Control and Management of Your Information.  You can always choose not to provide information to us; however, some of your information is required to participate in the Program or certain features of it, or to use certain Educate Tools.  For example, we require basic application information when you apply, and you must provide certain information in order to use and populate certain Educate Tools.  If you decline to share (or to continue sharing) certain information with AWS, we may not be able to admit you to the Program or provide you certain Program features.  Certain Program features enable you to update, correct, or delete certain information or establish preferences regarding our use of your information.  If you have questions about your Personal Information or wish to update, correct, delete or limit our use of your information, to stop receiving promotional or marketing materials, or to delete your Program Account, you may contact us to do so (see “How to Contact Us” below).  Following deletion of a personal profile or your Program Account, some information may continue to be stored on our internal systems, but we will not use or disclose it as described above once you delete it.

5.0       AWS EDUCATE JOB BOARD
     5.1   Accessing the Job Board.  AWS may give you access to the Job Board to post (as a “Job Poster”) or review (as a “Job Hunter”) job descriptions and other Content (“Job Listings”).  The Job Board is an Educate Tool that provides resources for Job Hunters to gather information about jobs available at Job Posters’ companies.  Job Listings are “Content” under this Agreement, and all use of the Job Board must comply with this Agreement.  The Job Board may only be used to seek or post opportunities for employment relating to cloud technology. 
     5.2   AWS and the Job Board.  If you make your Student Portal public, the Job Board will publically display your Student Portal, which Job Posters can view to gather information about potential employees and independently contact you.  The Job Board might sort, filter, or otherwise highlight Job Listings or Job Hunters based on the Job Hunter’s Student Portal and the relevant Job Listing (including, for example, the Job Hunter’s selected career pathway, progress along the pathway, geographic location, etc.); however, AWS is not an employment agency, broker, or representative or agent of any Job Poster or Job Hunter.  Despite any automated filtering or sorting of Job Hunters and Job Listings, AWS makes no recommendations regarding specific Job Hunters or Job Listings and does not facilitate contact between Job Hunters and Job Posters.  AWS assumes no responsibility for (a) the contents, accuracy, or completeness of any Job Listing; (b) the availability or unavailability of any jobs referenced in Job Listings; or (c) any communications between Job Posters and Job Hunters that may result from Job Listings.  If you are a Job Poster, we may list your name, website, and other general contact information on the Job Board and in other Program resources; further, you grant AWS and our affiliates a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use any trademark, service mark, trade name, other proprietary logo or insignia, URL, domain name, or other source or business identifier(s) (“Job Poster Marks”) that you provide to AWS. 
     5.3   Job Posters and Job Listings.  Job Listings you post may only contain bona fide descriptions of currently available jobs within your business, and may not contain advertising, confidential or proprietary information, or Content that directly or indirectly discriminates against Job Hunters or violates applicable law.  Job Listings may not suggest or imply any affiliation with AWS.  Any hyperlinks included in the Job Listing may only link to the Job Poster’s company home page or company web page(s) specifically associated with employee recruitment.  AWS may impose additional requirements or limits on Job Listings from time to time, refuse to permit Job Listings absent specific modifications, or modify or remove any Job Listing in its sole discretion, for any reason, with or without notice.  Job Posters must identify a company central point of contact to AWS and provide AWS with that individual’s contact information.  Job Posters agree to report information about their use of the Job Board as requested by AWS from time to time (for example, aggregated or non-personally identifiable information about Job Hunters, placement statistics, and any other information reasonably required by AWS). 

6.0       USE OF AWS TRADEMARKS; INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
     6.1   License to Use AWS Marks.  You may use AWS trademarks, service marks, service or trade names, logos, and other designations of AWS and its affiliates made available to you and in accordance with the Trademark Use Guidelines located at https://aws.amazon.com/trademark-guidelines/.
     6.2   Ownership, Copyrights, and Patents.  Except for Your Content or any Third Party Content provided by you, all Content on the Program Site and in the Educate Tools (including software) is the property of AWS or its Content/software suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation of all Content on the Program Site and in the Educate Tools is the exclusive property of AWS and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.  AWS respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow our Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement (located at http://aws.amazon.com/terms/#notice-and-procedure-for-making-claims-of-copyright-infringement).  One or more patents owned by Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates or suppliers may apply to the Program Site or the Educate Tools and their Content.  Portions of the Educate Tools may operate under license of one or more patents.
     6.3   Suggestions. If you provide any suggested improvements to the Program, Educate Tools, or any features, programs, or offerings offered through the Program (“Suggestions”), AWS owns all right, title, and interest in and to these Suggestions, even if you have designated them as confidential, and AWS will be entitled to use the Suggestions without restriction.  You hereby irrevocably assign to us all right, title, and interest in and to the Suggestions, and agree to provide us any assistance we may require to document, perfect, and maintain our rights in the Suggestions.

7.0       MODIFICATIONS & TERMINATION
AWS may modify, discontinue, or delete—or limit or revoke your access to—all or any part of the Program, the Program Benefits, or the Educate Tools for any reason at any time, with or without notice.  AWS also may modify or terminate this Agreement with you at any time upon notice to you as specified in Section 9.4, and any modified provisions will be effective upon emailing or posting to the Program Site.  By continuing to participate in the Program, use the Educate Tools or the Program Site, or take advantage of Program Benefits after the effective day of any such modifications to this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the modified provisions.  It is your responsibility to check the Program Site regularly for modifications to this Agreement.  Upon termination of this Agreement, all your rights and licenses granted under this Agreement will immediately terminate, you will cease use of all Program Benefits and Educate Tools, and you will no longer identify yourself or hold yourself out as a Program participant.  Sections 3.3—3.6, 5.2, 6.2, 6.3, 8, 9, and 10 will survive termination of this Agreement.

8.0       DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
     8.1   WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS.  THE PROGRAM, THE EDUCATE TOOLS, AND ANY PROGRAM BENEFITS OR OTHER CONTENT THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE PROGRAM SITE OR EDUCATE TOOLS (INCLUDING THIRD PARTY CONTENT) ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS.” WE MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE FOREGOING (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS, MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, DEALING, OR TRADE USAGE).  Among other things, the Educate Tools provide resources for developing experience and curriculum regarding cloud computing and finding employment in the information technology industry.  AWS makes no representations or warranties of any kind regarding the effectiveness of the Educate Tools to your education, professional development, employment, or employability. 
     8.2   LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY. NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR IN RELATION TO THE PROGRAM, THE EDUCATE TOOLS, OR CONTENT (INCLUDING THIRD PARTY CONTENT) AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROGRAM FOR ANY (A) LOSS OF DATA, PROFITS, REVENUES, CUSTOMERS, OPPORTUNITIES, OR GOODWILL, (B) INVESTMENTS, EXPENDITURES OR COMMITMENTS BY YOU RELATED TO THE AWS EDUCATE PROGRAM, OR (C) INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LIABILITY OR DAMAGES. THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF AWS AND ANY AWS AFFILIATES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROGRAM, THE EDUCATE TOOLS, OR CONTENT AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROGRAM WILL NOT EXCEED $100.

9.0       MISCELLANEOUS
     9.1   Applicable Law; Binding Arbitration.  If you are not a public U.S. educational institution, by participating in the Program and using the Educate Tools or the Program Site, you agree—to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law—that the laws of the state of Washington, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern this Agreement and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and AWS regarding the Program or the Educate Tools. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, any dispute or claim relating in any way to the Program, the Educate Tools, or any Content in connection with the Program will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. The US Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this Agreement. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of this Agreement as a court would. To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent Corporation Service Company, 300 Deschutes Way SW, Suite 304, Tumwater, WA 98501. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, which are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. Payment of filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules. We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.  We will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.  You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or at a mutually agreed location.  We and you agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we and you waive any right to a jury trial.  We and you both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights in any state, federal, or national court of competent jurisdiction.  The United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement.  
     9.2   No Waivers; Severability.  The failure by AWS to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a present or future waiver of such provision, nor limit AWS’s right to enforce such provision at a later time.  All waivers by AWS must be in writing to be effective.  If one or more provisions of this Agreement are deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, those provision(s) shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision(s). 
     9.3   Relationship to Third Parties.  Neither you nor AWS are an agent of the other for any purpose or have the authority to bind the other.  This Agreement does not create any third party beneficiary rights in any individual or Entity that is not a party to this Agreement.  You will not assign this Agreement, or delegate, sublicense, or otherwise transfer any of your rights under this Agreement, without AWS’s prior written consent.
     9.4   How to Contact Us; Notices and Communications.  You can contact us with any questions, complaints, or requests relating to the Program (or any Content in connection with the Program) by following the instructions on our “Contact Us” page at https://aws.amazon.‌com/education/awseducate‌/‌contact-us/ or by generating a support case specific to “Educate” using your AWS account (if you have one).  We will try to respond to your question or request as soon as reasonably practicable.  We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the Program Site, via the Educate Tools, or via our support team.  Any notice by AWS to you under this Agreement may be made by (and is effective upon) posting to the Program Site or the Educate Tools, or upon email to you at the email address linked to your Program Account.  You agree that any such notice satisfies any legal requirement that notice be in writing.  Any notice by you to AWS under this Agreement must be made by registered or certified mail to Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210 Attn: General Counsel (or if you are located in a country covered by Section 10, at the address specified in that section).  Notice by you to AWS is effective upon AWS’s receipt of the same.  All communications and notices made or given pursuant to this Agreement must be in the English language.  If we provide a translation of the English language version of this Agreement, the English language version of this Agreement will control if there is any conflict.

10.0.    CONTRACTING ENTITY
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms:
     10.1  India Customers.  If you are located in India, your contracting party will be Amazon Internet Services Private Limited (“AISPL”), and this Agreement is an agreement between you and AISPL, located at Ground Floor, EROS Plaza, Eros Corporate Centre, Nehru place, New Delhi, India – 110019.  If you are located in India, all references to “AWS,” “we,” or “us” in this Agreement shall be deemed as referring to AISPL.  Additionally, if you are located in India, this Agreement shall be deemed to differ from the above provisions as follows:
(a) The Amazon.com Privacy Notice defined in Section 4.1 shall be deemed to refer to the Amazon.in Privacy Notice located at http://www.amazon.in/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=200534380; and
(b) Under Section 9.4, any notice by you to AISPL under this Agreement must be made by registered or certified mail to Amazon Internet Services Private Limited, Ground Floor, Eros Corporate Towers, Nehru Place, New Delhi - 110 019, India (not to Amazon Web Services, Inc.).
